---
type: cv
active: true
icon: fa-solid fa-file

# Display name
title: Resume

# CV related information
cv:
  summary: ""
  setup:
    # defines the columns of the section
    - category: education
      title: "Education"
      columnwidth: 4
      icon: "fa-solid fa-graduation-cap"
    - category: outreach
      title: "Outreach Experience"
      columnwidth: 8
      icon: "fa-solid fa-users"
  education:
    - title: PhD Candidate in Astronomy
      where: Max Planck Institute for Astronomy, Heidelberg, Germany
      date: 2021 - present
      keywords: Python, Binary Stars, Compact Objects, Spectroscopy
      description: |
        PhD project supervised by Hans-Walter Rix (MPIA) and Kareem El-Badry (CfA - Harvard Smithonian) on finding compact objects in binary systems in the Milky Way.
    - title: MPhys degree in Astrophysics
      where: University of Edinburgh, UK
      date: 2021
      keywords: Python, Cosmology, Weak Lensing, Machine Learning
      description: |
        MPhys project with Catherine Heymans and Benjamin Giblin, using Convolutional Neural Networks to infer cosmological parameters from weak lensing shear maps.
    - title: Matura, Sacre Coeur Wien
      where: Vienna, Austria
      date: 2016
      keywords: ""
      description: |
        High school diploma from Sacre Coeur Wien, Vienna, Austria. Graduated with 1.0 average (highest possible grade) in English, German, Mathematics, Physics and Informatics. Prescientific paper on the topic of "The Double Slit Experiment - Modern Quantum Physics" with a grade of 1.0.
  outreach:
    - title: Explore Science Volunteer
      where: Explore Science, Herzogenriedpark, Mannheim
      date: Jun 2023
      keywords: ""
      description: Volunteering at the Explore Science event in Mannheim, Germany. I helped run the combined Max Planck Institute for Astronomy, Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics, and Haus der Astronomie stand, where we had a variety of hands-on activities for secondary school students.
    - title: Outreach Fellow
      where: Max Planck Institute for Astronomy & Haus der Astronomie, Heidelberg, Germany
      date: 2022 - present
      keywords: ""
      description: Conducting public outreach tours at the Haus der Astronomie, as well as supporting the staff at Haus der Astronomie with their outreach events.
    - title: Organiser, OUTer Space
      where: Haus der Astronomie, Heidelberg, Germany
      date: Feb 2023
      keywords: ""
      description: Outreach event for LGBT+ people and allies, consisting of a planetarium show, tours of the telescopes, the stellar model, as well as talks from LGBT+ Scientists and Allies and a Q&A Panel.
    - title: Visiting Scientist, Tag der Naturwissenschaften
      where: Experimenta Science Center, Heilbronn, Germany
      date: Oct 2022
      keywords: ""
      description: Large scale outreach event for the general public at the Experimenta Science Center in Heilbronn, Germany. I was interviewed about my studies and work as an Astronomer, answering questions from attending high school students.
    # - title: Volunteer, Physics Outreach Team
    #   where: University of Edinburgh, UK
    #   date: 2020 - 2021
    #   keywords: ""
    #   description: I volunteered with the Physics Outreach Team at the University of Edinburgh, helping create outreach resources. Online due to Covid-19.
    - title: Science Communicator, Edinburgh Science Festival
      where: Edinburgh, UK
      date: Apr 2018
      keywords: ""
      description: Two-week long science communication event in Edinburgh, UK. I was responsible for explaining the science behind a variety of exhibits to the general public, primarily aimed at families with children.
